packages/react/src/components/LocaleModal/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';
import LocaleModal from './LocaleModal';

# Locale Modal

> The locale modal allows users to change geographic regions and translate pages
> to those region languages, if available.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/local-modal/_locale-modal.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LocaleModal
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LocaleModal } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return <LocaleModal />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the footer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Setting the current page language

The current page language is based on the `lang` attribute in `<html>`:

```html
<html lang="[language code]-[country code]"></html>
```

See
[Building for IBM.com](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/docs/building-for-ibm-dotcom.md#page-language)
for more details.

See how to
[Configure Available Languages](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/docs/building-for-ibm-dotcom.md#page-language#configuring-available-languages).

## Options

<Props of={LocaleModal} />

> 💡 Props default to English if not provided.

> 💡 Also refer to Carbon's [`<ComposedModal>`](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/composedmodal--using-child-nodes) for other props.

## Stable selectors

| Name                                   | Description |
| -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--locale-modal`                    | Component   |
| `dds--locale-modal__geo-btn-${region}` | Interactive |
| `dds--locale-modal__filter`            | Interactive |
| `dds--locale-modal__region-back`       | Interactive |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/LocaleModal/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';
import LocaleModal from './LocaleModal';

# Locale Modal

> The locale modal allows users to change geographic regions and translate pages
> to those region languages, if available.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/LocaleModal)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/local-modal/_locale-modal.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LocaleModal
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LocaleModal } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return <LocaleModal />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the footer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Setting the current page language

The current page language is based on the `lang` attribute in `<html>`:

```html
<html lang="[language code]-[country code]"></html>
```

See
[Building for IBM.com](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/docs/building-for-ibm-dotcom.md#page-language)
for more details.

See how to
[Configure Available Languages](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/docs/building-for-ibm-dotcom.md#page-language#configuring-available-languages).

## Options

<Props of={LocaleModal} />

> 💡 Props default to English if not provided.

> 💡 Also refer to Carbon's
> [`<ComposedModal>`](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/composedmodal--using-child-nodes)
> for other props.

## Stable selectors

| Name                                   | Description |
| -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--locale-modal`                    | Component   |
| `dds--locale-modal__geo-btn-${region}` | Interactive |
| `dds--locale-modal__filter`            | Interactive |
| `dds--locale-modal__region-back`       | Interactive |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />
