packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/LogoGrid/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LogoGrid  from './LogoGrid';

# Logo Grid

> The Logo Grid pattern is to be utilized within IBM.com.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/logo-grid/index.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LogoGrid
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LogoGrid } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

const heading = 'Our customers.';

const logosGroup = [
  {
    title: 'Company A',
    imgSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/140x140',
    altText: 'Image alt text',
    href: 'http://example.com/',
  },
  {
    title: 'Company B',
    imgSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/140x140',
    altText: 'Image alt text',
    href: 'http://example.com/',
  },
];

const ctaCopy = 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet';
const ctaHref = 'http://local.url.com/';


function App() {
  return <LogoGrid title={title} logosGroup={logosGroup} ctaCopy={ctaCopy} ctaHref={ctaHref} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the logogrid styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LogoGrid} />

## Stable selectors

| Name             | Description |
| ---------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--logo-grid` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(LogoGrid): removed Carbon Themes addon

packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/LogoGrid/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LogoGrid  from './LogoGrid';

# Logo Grid

> The Logo Grid pattern is to be utilized within IBM.com. It's available **only under** the [Carbon white theme](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/themes/overview#default-theme).

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/logo-grid/index.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LogoGrid
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LogoGrid } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

const heading = 'Our customers.';

const logosGroup = [
  {
    title: 'Company A',
    imgSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/140x140',
    altText: 'Image alt text',
    href: 'http://example.com/',
  },
  {
    title: 'Company B',
    imgSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/140x140',
    altText: 'Image alt text',
    href: 'http://example.com/',
  },
];

const ctaCopy = 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet';
const ctaHref = 'http://local.url.com/';


function App() {
  return <LogoGrid title={title} logosGroup={logosGroup} ctaCopy={ctaCopy} ctaHref={ctaHref} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the logogrid styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LogoGrid} />

## Stable selectors

| Name             | Description |
| ---------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--logo-grid` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
