packages/web-components/src/components/dotcom-shell/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';

# Dotcom shell

> The Dotcom shell includes the `<dds-masthead>`, and `<dds-footer>` components, all wrapped
> in a UI shell using Carbon's grid.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/dotcom-shell)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

### Quick start

`<dds-dotcom-shell-container>` automatically renders contents of dotcom shell from default service data.

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell-container';
```

##### HTML

```html
<dds-dotcom-shell-container>
  <main>(The main content)</main>
</dds-dotcom-shell-container>
```

#### Attributes and properties `<dds-dotcom-shell-container>`

<Props of="dds-dotcom-shell-container" />

### Rendering dotcom shell content by your own

You can also render the footer content by your own, e.g. for server-side rendering, like:

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell';
```

##### HTML

```html
(The masthead content)
<dds-dotcom-shell>
  <main>(The main content)</main>
</dds-dotcom-shell>
(The footer content)
```

> 💡 See [masthead doc](/?path=/docs/components-masthead--default) for generating the content for masthead, and [footer doc](/?path=/docs/components-footer--default) for generating the content for footer.

## `<dds-dotcom-shell>`

`<dds-dotcom-shell>` works as the shell in dotcom shell.

<Props of="dds-dotcom-shell" />

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector | Compatibility selector            | Description |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `<dds-dotcom-shell>`    | `data-autoid="dds--dotcom-shell"` | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />
<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

fix(masthead): added entry point to self-init redux store (#3579)
A first attempt to provide a way for our adopters to avoid having to
bootstrap the redux store manually. A discussion after the initial
commit in this PR determined that we ship `<dds-masthead-contaiher>`
with such OOTB store configured and create another component to
manually configure the store, that should happen in a follow-up PR.

Also, added some initial attempt for the documentation around
automatic/manual configuration for the store.

packages/web-components/src/components/dotcom-shell/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';

# Dotcom shell

> The Dotcom shell includes the `<dds-masthead>`, and `<dds-footer>` components, all wrapped
> in a UI shell using Carbon's grid.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/dotcom-shell)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/dotcom-shell)

## Getting started

### Quick start

`<dds-dotcom-shell-container>` automatically renders contents of dotcom shell from default service data.

#### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/dotcom-shell/index';
```

#### HTML

```html
<dds-dotcom-shell-container>
  <main>(The main content)</main>
</dds-dotcom-shell-container>
```

### Attributes and properties `<dds-dotcom-shell-container>`

<Props of="dds-dotcom-shell-container" />

### Advanced: Rendering dotcom shell manually

You can also render the footer content on your own, e.g. for server-side rendering:

#### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell';
```

#### HTML

```html
(The masthead content)
<dds-dotcom-shell>
  <main>(The main content)</main>
</dds-dotcom-shell>
(The footer content)
```

> 💡 See [masthead doc](/?path=/docs/components-masthead--default) for generating the content for masthead, and [footer doc](/?path=/docs/components-footer--default) for generating the content for footer.

### Advanced: Manually setting the Redux Store

The Masthead takes advantage of a redux store which manages the API calls made
to fetch translation data, locale data, etc. To manually initialize the Redux
store (e.g. integrating with your application level redux store), the underlying
component can be initialized instead:

#### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell-container';
import { reducers, store } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/masthead/masthead-container';

store.replaceReducer(reducers);
```

## `<dds-dotcom-shell>`

`<dds-dotcom-shell>` works as the shell in dotcom shell.

<Props of="dds-dotcom-shell" />

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector | Compatibility selector            | Description |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `<dds-dotcom-shell>`    | `data-autoid="dds--dotcom-shell"` | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />
<Description markdown={contributing} />
