packages/react/src/components/ContentItemHorizontal/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ContentItemHorizontal from './ContentItemHorizontal';

# Content Item - Horizontal

> The ContentItemHorizontal component displays information in a horizontal
> orientation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/content-item-horizontal/content-item-horizontal';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> content-item-horizontal styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CardGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const eyebrow = 'Lorem ipsum';
  const heading = 'Aliquam condimentum';
  const copy =
    'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, _consectetur_ adipiscing elit. Aenean et ultricies est. Mauris iaculis eget dolor nec hendrerit. Phasellus at elit sollicitudin.';
  const cta = [
    {
      type: 'local',
      copy: 'Link text',
      href: 'https://example.com',
    },
    {
      type: 'external',
      copy: 'External link text',
      href: 'https://example.com',
    },
  ];

  return (
    <ContentItemHorizontal
      eyebrow={eyebrow}
      heading={heading}
      copy={copy}
      cta={cta}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)..

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={ContentItemHorizontal} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                                          | Description                   |
| --------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item`          | Content item wrapper element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--eyebrow` | Content item eyebrow element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--heading` | Content item heading element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--copy`    | Content item copy element.    |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--cta`     | Content item cta element.     |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/ContentItemHorizontal/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ContentItemHorizontal from './ContentItemHorizontal';

# Content Item - Horizontal

> Use this component to present content in a horizontal orientation.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/ContentItemHorizontal)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/content-item-horizontal/content-item-horizontal';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> content-item-horizontal styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CardGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const eyebrow = 'Lorem ipsum';
  const heading = 'Aliquam condimentum';
  const copy =
    'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, _consectetur_ adipiscing elit. Aenean et ultricies est. Mauris iaculis eget dolor nec hendrerit. Phasellus at elit sollicitudin.';
  const cta = [
    {
      type: 'local',
      copy: 'Link text',
      href: 'https://example.com',
    },
    {
      type: 'external',
      copy: 'External link text',
      href: 'https://example.com',
    },
  ];

  return (
    <ContentItemHorizontal
      eyebrow={eyebrow}
      heading={heading}
      copy={copy}
      cta={cta}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)..

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={ContentItemHorizontal} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                                          | Description                   |
| --------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item`          | Content item wrapper element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--eyebrow` | Content item eyebrow element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--heading` | Content item heading element. |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--copy`    | Content item copy element.    |
| `dds--content-item-horizontal__item--cta`     | Content item cta element.     |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
