A Carbon Design System variant that's as easy to use as native HTML elements, with no framework tax, no framework silo.

# `@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components`

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` is a variant of ibm.com Design System with Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Getting started with development](#getting-started-with-development)
- [Browser support](#browser-support)
- [Coding conventions](#coding-conventions)
- [Running unit test](#running-unit-test)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Getting started

To install `@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` in your project, you will need to run the
following command using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npm install -S @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

If you prefer [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/), use the following command
instead:

```bash
yarn add @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

### Basic usage

The first thing you need is **setting up a module bundler** to resolve ECMAScript `import`s. Once you set up a module bundler, you can start importing our component modules, like:

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/link-with-icon/link-with-icon';
```

Once you do that, you can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, like:

```html
<dds-link-with-icon href="http://ibmdotcom-web-components-canary.mybluemix.net/">
  Link text
  <svg
    slot="icon"
    focusable="false"
    preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
    aria-hidden="true"
    width="20"
    height="20"
    viewBox="0 0 20 20"
  >
    <path d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
  </svg>
</dds-link-with-icon>
```

## Browser support

- Latest Chrome/Safari/FF ESR
- IE and classic Edge are _not_ supported

## List of available components

View available web components at: http://ibmdotcom-web-components-canary.mybluemix.net/. You can see usage information in several ways:

1. Going to Docs tab, where it shows the usage and available attributes, properties and custom events.
2. Clicking the **KNOBS** tab at the bottom and changing values there. Most knobs are shown as something like `Button kind (kind)`, where `kind` is the attribute name
3. Clicking the **ACTION LOGGER** tab at the bottom and interacting with the selected component. You may see something like `bx-modal-closed` which typically indicates that an event with such event type is fired.

## Web Components way for analytics

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-react`, etc. libraries have `data-autoid` attributes in several places, to convey better context than raw HTML `<div>`, etc. tags and their attributes when analytics libraries captures bubbling events e.g. `click` on `<body>` and inspects `event.target`.

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` being based on Web Components abstrats away such raw HTML `<div>`, etc. tags, into e.g. `<dds-header-logo>` that works as the IBM logo in masthead and `<dds-masthead-search>` that works with the collapsible search box in masthead.

It means that `@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` conveys better context out-of-the-box, like:

```javascript
document.body.addEventListener('click', event => {
  if (event.target.tagName === 'DDS-MASTHEAD-LOGO') {
    // Code to send header logo click event to analytics...
  }
});
```

`<dds-masthead-search>` has more than one clickable buttons. Therefore, `<dds-masthead-search>` fires custom events e.g. `dds-masthead-search-toggled` to better convey the context wrt what action is take upon clicking. You can use it like:

```javascript
document.body.addEventListener('dds-masthead-search-toggled', event => {
  console.log('Search box new open state:', event.detail.active);
  // Code to send masthead search bar toggle event to analytics...
});
```

See Docs tab in each components in http://ibmdotcom-web-components-canary.mybluemix.net/ to see more details on available custom events are available, available attributes/properties are for more context, etc.

## Getting started with development

1. Fork this repository and clone it
2. `yarn install`
3. `yarn wca && yarn storybook`

## Coding conventions

Can be found at [here](./docs/coding-conventions.md).

## Running unit test

You can run unit test by:

```
> gulp test:unit
```

You can run specific test spec by:

```
> gulp test:unit -s src/components/link-with-icon/__tests__/link-with-icon.test.ts
```

You can choose a browser (instead of Headless Chrome) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Firefox
```

You can keep the browser after the test (and re-run the test when files change) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Chrome -k
```

You can prevent code coverate instrumentation code from being generated by:

```
> gulp test:unit -d
```

You can update snapshots by:

```
> gulp test:unit --update-snapshot
```

Above options can be used together. This is useful to debug your code as you test:

```
> gulp test:unit -s src/components/link-with-icon/__tests__/link-with-icon.test.ts -b Chrome -d -k
```
