packages/react/src/components/LightboxMediaViewer/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LightboxMediaViewer from './LightboxMediaViewer';

# Lightbox Media Viewer

> The LightboxMediaViewer component is to be utilized within IBM.com.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/lightbox-media-viewer/_lightbox-media-viewer.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> LightBoxMediaViewer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Image Media

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LightboxMediaViewer } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <LightboxMediaViewer
    title='Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
    copy='Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing Aenean et ultricies est.'
    media={
      src: select('Image', images, images['1280 x 720 (16:9)']),
      alt: 'Image alt text',
      title: text(
        'title (required)',
        'Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
      ),
      description: text(
        'description (required)',
        `Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean et ultricies est.Mauris iaculis eget dolor nec hendrerit.`
      ),
      type: 'image',
    }
    open={true}
  />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Video Media

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LightboxMediaViewer } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <LightboxMediaViewer
    title='Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
    copy='Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing Aenean et ultricies est.'
    media={
      src: '0_uka1msg4',
      type: 'video',
    }
    open={true}
  />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> Don't forget to import the LightboxMediaViewer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LightboxMediaViewer} />

> 💡 See uri object structure above in `Getting started` section.

> 💡 Also refer to [`<ExpressiveModal>`](http://ibmdotcom-react.mybluemix.net/?path=/docs/components-expressive-modal--default) and Carbon's [`<ComposedModal>`](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/composedmodal--using-child-nodes) for other props.

## Stable selectors

| Name                                         | Description |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer`                 | Component   |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__image`          | Interactive |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__content__title` | Interactive |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__content__desc`  | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/LightboxMediaViewer/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LightboxMediaViewer from './LightboxMediaViewer';

# Lightbox Media Viewer

> This launches a modal containing an image or video, and a description
> detailing the media content.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/LightboxMediaViewer)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/lightbox-media-viewer/_lightbox-media-viewer.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> LightBoxMediaViewer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Image Media

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LightboxMediaViewer } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <LightboxMediaViewer
    title='Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
    copy='Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing Aenean et ultricies est.'
    media={
      src: select('Image', images, images['1280 x 720 (16:9)']),
      alt: 'Image alt text',
      title: text(
        'title (required)',
        'Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
      ),
      description: text(
        'description (required)',
        `Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean et ultricies est.Mauris iaculis eget dolor nec hendrerit.`
      ),
      type: 'image',
    }
    open={true}
  />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Video Media

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LightboxMediaViewer } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <LightboxMediaViewer
    title='Curabitur malesuada varius mi eu posuere'
    copy='Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing Aenean et ultricies est.'
    media={
      src: '0_uka1msg4',
      type: 'video',
    }
    open={true}
  />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> Don't forget to import the LightboxMediaViewer styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LightboxMediaViewer} />

> 💡 See uri object structure above in `Getting started` section.

> 💡 Also refer to
> [`<ExpressiveModal>`](http://ibmdotcom-react.mybluemix.net/?path=/docs/components-expressive-modal--default)
> and Carbon's
> [`<ComposedModal>`](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/composedmodal--using-child-nodes)
> for other props.

## Stable selectors

| Name                                         | Description |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer`                 | Component   |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__image`          | Interactive |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__content__title` | Interactive |
| `dds--Lightbox-media-viewer__content__desc`  | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
