packages/carbon-web-components/docs/welcome-story-angular.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Introduction/Welcome" />

# `carbon-custom-elements` with Angular

<iframe
  src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/angular?fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=light"
  style={{ width: '100%', height: '500px', border: 'solid rgba(0,0,0,0.1) 1px', boxShadow: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.1) 0 1px 3px 0' }}
  title="carbon-custom-elements-getting-started"
  sandbox="allow-modals allow-forms allow-popups allow-scripts allow-same-origin"
></iframe>

Angular users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, too, once you add [`CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`](https://angular.io/api/core/CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA) schema to your Angular module, like:

```javascript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA],
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

The `.d.ts` files in `carbon-custom-elements` package are compiled with TypeScript 3.7. You can use TypeScript 3.7 in your Angular application with upcoming Angular `9.0` release, or with the following instructions, so your application can use those `.d.ts` files:

- Set `true` to [`angularCompilerOptions.disableTypeScriptVersionCheck`](https://angular.io/guide/angular-compiler-options#disabletypescriptversioncheck) in `tsconfig.json`
- In `polyfills.ts`, change [`__importDefault` TypeScript helper](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#example-8) as follows: `window.__importDefault = mod => (mod?.__esModule ? mod : { default: mod })`

Commit message:

chore(package): rename package (#461)
Upon the community's consemsus, changes `carbon-custom-elements`
package name to `carbon-web-components`, to resonate to the umbrella
term and to the communities around Web Components technologies.

packages/carbon-web-components/docs/welcome-story-angular.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Introduction/Welcome" />

# `carbon-web-components` with Angular

<iframe
  src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/angular?fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=light"
  style={{ width: '100%', height: '500px', border: 'solid rgba(0,0,0,0.1) 1px', boxShadow: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.1) 0 1px 3px 0' }}
  title="carbon-web-components-getting-started"
  sandbox="allow-modals allow-forms allow-popups allow-scripts allow-same-origin"
></iframe>

Angular users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, too, once you add [`CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`](https://angular.io/api/core/CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA) schema to your Angular module, like:

```javascript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA],
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

The `.d.ts` files in `carbon-web-components` package are compiled with TypeScript 3.7. You can use TypeScript 3.7 in your Angular application with upcoming Angular `9.0` release, or with the following instructions, so your application can use those `.d.ts` files:

- Set `true` to [`angularCompilerOptions.disableTypeScriptVersionCheck`](https://angular.io/guide/angular-compiler-options#disabletypescriptversioncheck) in `tsconfig.json`
- In `polyfills.ts`, change [`__importDefault` TypeScript helper](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#example-8) as follows: `window.__importDefault = mod => (mod?.__esModule ? mod : { default: mod })`
