packages/web-components/src/components/cta/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import '../text-cta';
import '../card-cta';
import '../feature-cta';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';





# CTA

> The CTA component is used to select from various CTA link types – text, cards,
> and buttons – as well as defining their behavior, such as anchor links,
> videos, and external links.

## Getting started

## `<dds-text-cta>`

`<dds-text-cta>` is the most basic version of CTA, presented as a simple link.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-text)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-text)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['text-cta'] })}`} />

<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-text-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  Copy text
</dds-text-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-text-cta" />

## `<dds-button-cta>`

`<dds-button-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a button.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-button)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-button)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/button-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['button-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-button-cta cta-type="local" kind="tertiary" href="https://www.example.com">
  Button CTA Copy
</dds-button-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-button-cta" />

## `<dds-card-cta>`

`<dds-card-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/card-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['card-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-card-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  Copy text
  <dds-card-cta-footer>
    <svg
      slot="icon"
      focusable="false"
      preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      fill="currentColor"
      aria-hidden="true"
      width="20"
      height="20"
      viewBox="0 0 20 20"
    >
      <path
        d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
    </svg>
  </dds-card-cta-footer>
</dds-card-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-card-cta" />

## `<dds-card-link-cta>`

`<dds-card-link-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/card-link-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['card-cta-link'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-card-link-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-link-heading>Heading text</dds-card-link-heading>
    <dds-card-cta-footer>
      <svg
        slot="icon"
        focusable="false"
        preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        fill="currentColor"
        aria-hidden="true"
        width="20"
        height="20"
        viewBox="0 0 20 20"
      >
        <path
          d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
      </svg>
    </dds-card-cta-footer>
</dds-card-link-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-card-link-cta" />


## `<dds-feature-cta>`

`<dds-feature-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a feature card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-feature)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-feature)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/feature-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['feature-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-feature-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-heading>This is a heading</dds-card-heading>
  <dds-image
    slot="image"
    alt="Image alt text"
    default-src="https://fpoimg.com/672x672?text=1:1&bg_color=ee5396&text_color=161616"
  >
  </dds-image>
  <dds-feature-cta-footer>
    <svg
      slot="icon"
      focusable="false"
      preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      fill="currentColor"
      aria-hidden="true"
      width="20"
      height="20"
      viewBox="0 0 20 20"
    >
      <path
        d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
    </svg>
  </dds-feature-cta-footer>
</dds-feature-cta>
```

The Feature Card for CTA can also use the 'large' variation, but be sure to at least include an eyebrow and heading.

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/feature-cta.js'
```

```html
<dds-feature-cta size='large' href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-eyebrow>This is an eyebrow</dds-card-eyebrow>
  <dds-card-heading>This is a heading</dds-card-heading>
  <dds-image
    slot="image"
    alt="Image alt text"
    default-src="https://fpoimg.com/672x672?text=1:1&bg_color=ee5396&text_color=161616"
  >
  </dds-image>
</dds-feature-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-feature-cta" />

## Using a video player

The `<dds-video-cta-container>` component lets you integrate `<dds-text-cta>`/`<dds-button-cta>`/`<dds-card-cta>`/`<dds-feature-cta>` with video player quickly.
Only one `<dds-video-cta-container>` has to be put in application.
Ensure that `<dds-video-cta-container>` contains all `<dds-text-cta>`/`<dds-button-cta>`/`<dds-card-cta>`/`<dds-feature-cta>`:

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/video-cta-container.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['text-cta','video-cta-container'] })}`} />

<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-video-cta-container>
  <dds-text-cta cta-type="video" href="1_9h94wo6b"></dds-text-cta>
</dds-video-cta-container>
```

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta/text)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta/text)

### `dds-cta-run-action` customization

For more flexible solution that is better tailored to your application's needs,
CTA components fire `dds-cta-run-action` custom event when user clicks on a CTA
with `type="video"`. Application code can take care of creating/putting our
video player component and working with our video player service API to put the
video data into the video player component:

```javascript
import KalturaPlayerAPI from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-services/es/services/KalturaPlayer/KalturaPlayer.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/expressive-modal/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/lightbox-media-viewer/lightbox-video-player.js';

...

document.addEventListener('dds-cta-run-action', async event => {
  const videoId = event.detail.href;
  const lightboxId = `lightbox-${videoId}`;
  let lightboxElem = document.getElementById(lightboxId);
  if (!lightboxElem) {
    lightboxElem = document.createElement('dds-expressive-modal');
    lightboxElem.size = 'full-width';
    lightboxElem.innerHTML = `
      <dds-expressive-modal-close-button></dds-expressive-modal-close-button>
      <dds-lightbox-video-player id="lightbox-video-player-${videoId}"></dds-lightbox-video-player>
    `;
    document.body.appendChild(lightboxElem);
    const videoTarget = document.createElement('div');
    videoTarget.id = `video-target-${videoId}`;
    videoTarget.className = 'bx--video-player__video';
    const videoPlayer = document.getElementById(`lightbox-video-player-${videoId}`);
    videoPlayer.appendChild(videoTarget);
    const [videoData] = await Promise.all([
      KalturaPlayerAPI.api(videoId),
      KalturaPlayerAPI.embedMedia(videoId, videoTarget.id, true),
    ]);
    const { name, description, duration } = videoData;
    videoPlayer.name = name;
    videoPlayer.duration = duration;
    videoPlayer.description = description;
  }
  lightboxElem.open = true;
});
```

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

feat(cta): add email, schedule, chat, call types (#9311)
### Related Ticket(s)

Closes #9170 

### Description

Adds `email`, `schedule`, `chat`, and `call` CTA types.

### Changelog

**New**

- New CTA types

packages/web-components/src/components/cta/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import '../text-cta';
import '../card-cta';
import '../feature-cta';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';





# CTA

> The CTA component is used to select from various CTA link types – text, cards,
> and buttons – as well as defining their behavior, such as anchor links,
> videos, and external links.

## Getting started

## `<dds-text-cta>`

`<dds-text-cta>` is the most basic version of CTA, presented as a simple link.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-text)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-text)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['text-cta'] })}`} />

<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-text-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  Copy text
</dds-text-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-text-cta" />

## `<dds-button-cta>`

`<dds-button-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a button.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-button)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-button)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/button-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['button-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-button-cta cta-type="local" kind="tertiary" href="https://www.example.com">
  Button CTA Copy
</dds-button-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-button-cta" />

## `<dds-card-cta>`

`<dds-card-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/card-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['card-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-card-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  Copy text
  <dds-card-cta-footer>
    <svg
      slot="icon"
      focusable="false"
      preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      fill="currentColor"
      aria-hidden="true"
      width="20"
      height="20"
      viewBox="0 0 20 20"
    >
      <path
        d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
    </svg>
  </dds-card-cta-footer>
</dds-card-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-card-cta" />

## `<dds-card-link-cta>`

`<dds-card-link-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-card)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/card-link-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['card-cta-link'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-card-link-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-link-heading>Heading text</dds-card-link-heading>
    <dds-card-cta-footer>
      <svg
        slot="icon"
        focusable="false"
        preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        fill="currentColor"
        aria-hidden="true"
        width="20"
        height="20"
        viewBox="0 0 20 20"
      >
        <path
          d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
      </svg>
    </dds-card-cta-footer>
</dds-card-link-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-card-link-cta" />


## `<dds-feature-cta>`

`<dds-feature-cta>` is a version of CTA presented as a feature card.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-feature)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta-feature)

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/feature-cta.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['feature-cta'] })}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-feature-cta href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-heading>This is a heading</dds-card-heading>
  <dds-image
    slot="image"
    alt="Image alt text"
    default-src="https://fpoimg.com/672x672?text=1:1&bg_color=ee5396&text_color=161616"
  >
  </dds-image>
  <dds-feature-cta-footer>
    <svg
      slot="icon"
      focusable="false"
      preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      fill="currentColor"
      aria-hidden="true"
      width="20"
      height="20"
      viewBox="0 0 20 20"
    >
      <path
        d="M11.8 2.8L10.8 3.8 16.2 9.3 1 9.3 1 10.7 16.2 10.7 10.8 16.2 11.8 17.2 19 10z"></path>
    </svg>
  </dds-feature-cta-footer>
</dds-feature-cta>
```

The Feature Card for CTA can also use the 'large' variation, but be sure to at least include an eyebrow and heading.

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/feature-cta.js'
```

```html
<dds-feature-cta size='large' href="https://www.ibm.com/" cta-type="local">
  <dds-card-eyebrow>This is an eyebrow</dds-card-eyebrow>
  <dds-card-heading>This is a heading</dds-card-heading>
  <dds-image
    slot="image"
    alt="Image alt text"
    default-src="https://fpoimg.com/672x672?text=1:1&bg_color=ee5396&text_color=161616"
  >
  </dds-image>
</dds-feature-cta>
```

### Props

<Props of="dds-feature-cta" />

## Using a video player

The `<dds-video-cta-container>` component lets you integrate `<dds-text-cta>`/`<dds-button-cta>`/`<dds-card-cta>`/`<dds-feature-cta>` with video player quickly.
Only one `<dds-video-cta-container>` has to be put in application.
Ensure that `<dds-video-cta-container>` contains all `<dds-text-cta>`/`<dds-button-cta>`/`<dds-card-cta>`/`<dds-feature-cta>`:

## Using contact methods

The various cta components allow the `type` attributes `email`, `schedule`, `chat`, and `call`, to perform their respective contact methods, but requires importing the contact module.

```html
<script src="https://www.ibm.com/common/digitaladvisor/cm-app/latest/cm-app.min.js" defer></script>
```

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/video-cta-container.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['text-cta','video-cta-container'] })}`} />

<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-video-cta-container>
  <dds-text-cta cta-type="video" href="1_9h94wo6b"></dds-text-cta>
</dds-video-cta-container>
```

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta/text)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/cta/text)

### `dds-cta-run-action` customization

For more flexible solution that is better tailored to your application's needs,
CTA components fire `dds-cta-run-action` custom event when user clicks on a CTA
with `type="video"`. Application code can take care of creating/putting our
video player component and working with our video player service API to put the
video data into the video player component:

```javascript
import KalturaPlayerAPI from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-services/es/services/KalturaPlayer/KalturaPlayer.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/text-cta.js.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/expressive-modal/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/lightbox-media-viewer/lightbox-video-player.js';

...

document.addEventListener('dds-cta-run-action', async event => {
  const videoId = event.detail.href;
  const lightboxId = `lightbox-${videoId}`;
  let lightboxElem = document.getElementById(lightboxId);
  if (!lightboxElem) {
    lightboxElem = document.createElement('dds-expressive-modal');
    lightboxElem.size = 'full-width';
    lightboxElem.innerHTML = `
      <dds-expressive-modal-close-button></dds-expressive-modal-close-button>
      <dds-lightbox-video-player id="lightbox-video-player-${videoId}"></dds-lightbox-video-player>
    `;
    document.body.appendChild(lightboxElem);
    const videoTarget = document.createElement('div');
    videoTarget.id = `video-target-${videoId}`;
    videoTarget.className = 'bx--video-player__video';
    const videoPlayer = document.getElementById(`lightbox-video-player-${videoId}`);
    videoPlayer.appendChild(videoTarget);
    const [videoData] = await Promise.all([
      KalturaPlayerAPI.api(videoId),
      KalturaPlayerAPI.embedMedia(videoId, videoTarget.id, true),
    ]);
    const { name, description, duration } = videoData;
    videoPlayer.name = name;
    videoPlayer.duration = duration;
    videoPlayer.description = description;
  }
  lightboxElem.open = true;
});
```

<Description markdown={contributing} />
