packages/react/src/components/DotcomShell/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';
import DotcomShell from './DotcomShell';

# DotcomShell

> The DotcomShell component includes the `Masthead`, and `Footer` components,
> all wrapped in a UI shell using Carbon's grid.

## Getting started

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the DotcomShell
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Content

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

const content = (
  <>
    <p>Your content here (probably include something nicer than this! 😄)</p>
  </>
);

export default content;
```

##### DotcomShell

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { DotcomShell } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
import content from 'content';

function App() {
  return <DotcomShell>{content}</DotcomShell>;
}
```

Example with custom `Masthead` and `Footer` props:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { DotcomShell } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
import content from 'content';

function App() {
  return (
    <DotcomShell
      footerProps={{
        type: 'short',
      }}
      mastheadProps={{
        platform: 'My Platform Name',
      }}>
      {content}
    </DotcomShell>
  );
}
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 And don't forget to import the DotcomShell styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={DotcomShell} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--dotcom-shell`          | Component   |
| `dds--dotcom-shell__content` | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/DotcomShell/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';
import DotcomShell from './DotcomShell';

# DotcomShell

> The Dotcom shell includes the `Masthead`, and `Footer` components, all wrapped
> in a UI shell using Carbon's grid.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/DotcomShell)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/dotcom-shell/dotcom-shell';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the DotcomShell
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Content

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

const content = (
  <>
    <p>Your content here (probably include something nicer than this! 😄)</p>
  </>
);

export default content;
```

##### DotcomShell

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { DotcomShell } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
import content from 'content';

function App() {
  return <DotcomShell>{content}</DotcomShell>;
}
```

Example with custom `Masthead` and `Footer` props:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { DotcomShell } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
import content from 'content';

function App() {
  return (
    <DotcomShell
      footerProps={{
        type: 'short',
      }}
      mastheadProps={{
        platform: 'My Platform Name',
      }}>
      {content}
    </DotcomShell>
  );
}
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 And don't forget to import the DotcomShell styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={DotcomShell} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--dotcom-shell`          | Component   |
| `dds--dotcom-shell__content` | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />
