packages/react/src/components/CTA/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CTA from './CTA';

# CTA

> The CTA component will be used to select different cta types pages.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/imagecomponent/imagecomponent';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CTA styles
> from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Text Link

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="text"
      type="local"
      copy="IBM Homepage"
      href="https://www.example.com"
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Video Link

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="text"
      type="video"
      media={{
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      }}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Feature Card

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="feature"
      type="local"
      heading="Lorem Ipsum"
      image={{
        defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672/ee5396/161616&text=1x1',
        alt: 'Image alt text',
      }}
      cta={{
        href: 'https://www.example.com',
        icon: {
          src: ArrowRight20,
        },
      }}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Button(s)

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="feature"
      type="local"
      heading="Lorem Ipsum"
      buttons={[
        {
          type: 'video',
          href: 'https://www.example.com',
          copy: 'Lorem Ipsum',
          media: {
            src: '0_uka1msg4',
            type: 'video',
          },
        },
        {
          type: 'external',
          href: 'https://www.example.com',
          copy: 'Lorem Ipsum',
          renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
        },
      ]}
    />
  );
}
```

##### Card

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="card"
      type="local"
      copy="Lorem Ipsum"
      cta={{
        href: 'https://www.example.com',
      }}
    />
  );
}

function AppVideo() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="card"
      type="video"
      copy="Lorem Ipsum"
      media={{
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## Resolving Dependencies

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={CTA} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/CTA/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CTA from './CTA';

# CTA

> The CTA component is used to select from various CTA link types – text, cards,
> and buttons – as well as defining their behavior, such as anchor links,
> videos, and external links.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/CTA)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/imagecomponent/imagecomponent';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CTA styles
> from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

##### Text Link

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="text"
      type="local"
      copy="IBM Homepage"
      href="https://www.example.com"
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Video Link

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="text"
      type="video"
      media={{
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      }}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Feature Card

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="feature"
      type="local"
      heading="Lorem Ipsum"
      image={{
        defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672/ee5396/161616&text=1x1',
        alt: 'Image alt text',
      }}
      cta={{
        href: 'https://www.example.com',
        icon: {
          src: ArrowRight20,
        },
      }}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

##### Button(s)

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="feature"
      type="local"
      heading="Lorem Ipsum"
      buttons={[
        {
          type: 'video',
          href: 'https://www.example.com',
          copy: 'Lorem Ipsum',
          media: {
            src: '0_uka1msg4',
            type: 'video',
          },
        },
        {
          type: 'external',
          href: 'https://www.example.com',
          copy: 'Lorem Ipsum',
          renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
        },
      ]}
    />
  );
}
```

##### Card

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTA } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import { ArrowRight20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="card"
      type="local"
      copy="Lorem Ipsum"
      cta={{
        href: 'https://www.example.com',
      }}
    />
  );
}

function AppVideo() {
  return (
    <CTA
      style="card"
      type="video"
      copy="Lorem Ipsum"
      media={{
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

## Resolving Dependencies

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={CTA} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />
