packages/web-components/src/components/masthead/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';

# Masthead

> The masthead component is a required navigational pattern for IBM.com that
> displays consistently at the top of each page. It also includes search and
> profile services for IBM.com.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead)
> example implementation.

### Masthead (L0):

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead)

### Masthead (L1):

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead-l1)

## Getting Started

##### Note: Masthead uses the Carbon White theme by design. Using other themes will not change the Masthead color scheme.

### JS (via import)

````javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/masthead/masthead-container.js';
```<Description markdown={`\${cdnJs({ components: ['masthead'] })}`} />
<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-masthead-container></dds-masthead-container>
````

#### Adopting Masthead v2 with new data endpoint

###### JS (via CDN):

```html
// Alpha tag using changes from the feature branch (feat/masthead-v2)
<script type="module" src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v2/alpha/masthead.min.js"></script>
```

###### Markup:

```html
<dds-masthead-container
  data-endpoint="/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/translations/masthead-footer/v2"
  auth-method="profile-api"
  has-contact="false"
></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Adopting Masthead v2 with Cloud data endpoint

###### JS (via CDN):

```html
// Alpha tag using changes from the feature branch (feat/masthead-v2)
<script type="module" src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v2/alpha/masthead.min.js"></script>
```

###### Markup:

```html
<dds-masthead-container
  data-endpoint="/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/translations/cloud-masthead"
  platform="Cloud"
  auth-method="cookie"
  has-contact="true"
></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Setting Platform

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum"></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Setting Platform URL

The `platformUrl` property accepts a single URL as string or an object with a specific URL for each locale.
This property has to be set via javascript.

###### Setting a single platform URL:

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum" id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

```javascript
const singleUrl = 'https://www.example.com';

document.getElementById('masthead-container').platformUrl = singleUrl;
```

###### Setting multiple platform URLs with an object:

With an object, the component will show a specific URL depending on the locale:

```javascript
const urlObject = {
  'en-US': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com',
  },
  'fr-FR': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com/fr-fr/sample',
  },
  'es-MX': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com/es-mx/sample',
  },
};

document.getElementById('masthead-container').platformUrl = urlObject;
```

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum" id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Custom Navigation

```javascript
const links = [...menu items...];
document.getElementById('masthead-container').navLinks = links;
```

#### Using L1 nav

To use L1 nav, set `l1Data` prop. `l1Data` prop should be an
object that contains the navigation data of L1 nav:

```javascipt
const l1Data = {
  platform: {
    name: 'Stock Charts',
    url: 'https://example.com/',
  },
  menuItems: (The nav links),
}
```

```html
<dds-masthead-container id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

To set a custom endpoint for the translation service to fetch from, set either the `data-endpoint` attribute like below or `DDS_TRANSLATION_ENDPOINT` environment variable.

```html
<dds-masthead-container data-endpoint="/custom-endpoint"></dds-masthead-container>
```

### Setting the active menu item

The active menu item receives a unique style treatment to indicate where the current page is within the navigation hierarchy.

##### Manually

Manually set the active item by using the `selected-menu-item` property. See [the Props table](#props).

##### Automatically

The first menu item whose `href` value matches the browser window's current URL will automatically be marked active if the `selected-menu-item` property has not been set.

If no other menu items are marked active and the optional `platformUrl` property has been set, the platform link will be marked active.

### Understanding the different authentication method types

The `<dds-masthead-container>` and `<dds-masthead-composite>` components both expose the `auth-method` property which allows the adopters to define the authentication method based on their content ecosystems and renders the ultity menu items (located on the top right-hand area) based on the defined auth method. See below for more context on each available value.

- `auth-method="profile-api"` - The default authentication method used on the global masthead to display links to the MyIBM profile.
- `auth-method="cookie"` - This authentication method checks for the cookie name value return from the `cloud.ibm.com` console application (eg. `com.ibm.cloud.iam.LoggedIn.prod`) and see if it returns `1` or `0`. This method is designed and intended for "Cloud" web segment usage only.
- `auth-method="docs-api"` - This authentication method checks against the console API user login response. This method is designed and intended for Cloud Docs (https://cloud.ibm.com) team usage only.

## Using custom search with typeahead API

Using a search API other than the default provided from IBM Search is supported.

First, add the `custom-typeahead-api` attribute into the masthead and set it to `true`.

```html
<dds-masthead-container custom-typeahead-api="true"></dds-masthead-container>
```

As an example, we will be using the IBM Docs API to fetch the data, retrieving an array of result suggestions.

```javascript
async function customTypeaheadApiFunction(searchVal) {
  return fetch(`https://ibmdocs-dev.mybluemix.net/docs/api/v1/suggest?query=${searchVal}&lang=en&categories=&limit=6`)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(data => {
      let searchResults = [data.hints];
      return searchResults;
    });
}
```

To query the current masthead search input, we need to create an event listener to listen for the `dds-search-with-typeahead-input` event.
Once captured, we need to call our asynchronous function to fetch the custom API results based on the query. Once the results are retrieved,
a new custom event `dds-custom-typeahead-api-results` needs to be dispatched containing the results for the component to render the search suggestions.

```javascript
document.addEventListener('dds-search-with-typeahead-input', async e => {
  const results = await customTypeaheadApiFunction(e.detail.value);
  document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('dds-custom-typeahead-api-results', { detail: results }));
});
```

### Grouped Search

Some APIs contain grouped results in addition to regular search suggestions, which can also be displayed upon search.

As before, create a function that fetches the query and make sure to include a JSON object containing the section's `title`
and the array of retrieved section suggestions in `items`. In the example below, the section `Product pages` is added to the
results array.

```javascript
async function customTypeaheadApiFunction(searchVal) {
  return fetch(`https://ibmdocs-dev.mybluemix.net/docs/api/v1/suggest?query=${searchVal}&lang=en&categories=&limit=6`)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(data => {
      let searchResults = [
        data.hints,

        // optional category results fetched from API
        {
          title: 'Product pages',
          items: data.products,
        },
      ];
      return searchResults;
    });
}
```

As mentioned above, the two events `dds-search-with-typeahead-input` and `dds-custom-typeahead-api-results` must be handled for
suggestions to be rendered -- the same code for the event listener can be reused.

#### Note

The API results must match the following structure:

```javascript
[
  ['result 1', 'result 2', 'result 3'],
  {
    title: 'Example group 1'
    items: ['result a', 'result b', 'result c']
  },
  {
    title: "Example group 2",
    items: ['result d', 'result e', 'result f']
  }
]
```

Note that only the first array element is necessary to render the basic search suggestions, the following JSON objects are optional Grouped sections.

## Scoped search
Scoped searches are also supported, returning results from specifically targeted IBM pages and products.

First, prepare the desired categories to use when scoping the search. In this example, we will be creating an array with
four categories, which must follow the structure below:


```javascript
const scopeParameters = [
  {
    name: 'All',
    appId: 'all',
    value: 'all',
  },
  {
    name: 'Analyst',
    appId: 'analyst',
    value: 'analyst'
  },
  {
    name: 'PartnerWorld',
    appId: 'pw',
    value: ['pw', 'pwp'],
  },
  {
    name: 'Developer',
    appId: 'dw',
    value: ['dw', 'dwaspera'],
  }, 
  {
    name: 'IBM Docs',
    appId: 'ibmdocs',
    value: ['ibmdocs', 'dw']
    label: 'Search Label', // optional
  }
];
```
#### Note
A list of the available scoped categories can be found [here](https://github.ibm.com/digital-marketplace/columbus/blob/master/docs/SCOPED.MD).

The `value` property can either be a single string, or an array of strings.

This array will be passed into the `scopeParameters` property. If using `lit-html` to render your page, this can be added
using `.scopeParameters` (note the `.`), in order for the array to be processed properly in the component.

```html
<dds-masthead-composite .scopeParameters="${scopeParameters}"></dds-masthead-composite>
```

Alternatively, JavaScript can be used to insert it into the component.

```javascript
document.querySelector('dds-masthead-composite').scopeParameters = scopeParameters;
```

If a different locale is used, it will be necessary to use a formatter function to localize the placeholder text that 
will be rendered depending on the selected scope.

```javascript
const placeholderFormatter = ({scopeValue}) => `Buscar en ${scopeValue}`;
document.querySelector('dds-search-with-typeahead').placeholderFormatter = placeholderFormatter;
```

## Props

### `<dds-masthead-container>`/`<dds-masthead-composite>`

<Props of="dds-masthead-composite" />

For Cloud-specific version of masthead-container, `<dds-cloud-masthead-container>`, we support two user authentication methods, via cookie or api. To select between the two, provide the `auth-method` prop with a value of either 'cookie' or 'api'.

```html
<dds-cloud-masthead-container auth-method="cookie"></dds-cloud-masthead-container>
```

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector                                                                   | Compatibility selector                                                   | Description |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `<dds-masthead>`                                                                          | `data-autoid="dds--masthead"`                                            | Component   |
| `<dds-masthead-menu-button>`                                                              | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__hamburger"`                                 | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav-name>`                                                                      | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__platform-name"`                             | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav>`                                                                           | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav"`                                    | Component   |
| `<dds-top-nav-menu trigger-content="${item}">` and `<dds-top-nav-item title="${item}">`   | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav--nav${item}"`                        | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav-menu-item title="${item}">`                                                 | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav--subnav-col${item}-item${item}"`     | Interactive |
| `<dds-left-nav>`                                                                          | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav"`                                | Component   |
| `<dds-left-nav-menu trigger-content="${item}">` and `<dds-left-nav-item title="${item}">` | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav--nav${item}"`                    | Interactive |
| `<dds-left-nav-menu-item title="${item}">`                                                | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav--subnav-col${item}-item${item}"` | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

feat(masthead-l1): update storybook readme

packages/web-components/src/components/masthead/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';

# Masthead

> The masthead component is a required navigational pattern for IBM.com that
> displays consistently at the top of each page. It also includes search and
> profile services for IBM.com.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead)
> example implementation.

### Masthead (L0):

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead)

### Masthead (L1):

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/masthead-l1)

## Getting Started

##### Note: Masthead uses the Carbon White theme by design. Using other themes will not change the Masthead color scheme.

### JS (via import)

````javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/masthead/masthead-container.js';
```<Description markdown={`\${cdnJs({ components: ['masthead'] })}`} />
<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<dds-masthead-container></dds-masthead-container>
````

#### Adopting Masthead v2 with new data endpoint

###### JS (via CDN):

```html
// Alpha tag using changes from the feature branch (feat/masthead-v2)
<script type="module" src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v2/alpha/masthead.min.js"></script>
```

###### Markup:

```html
<dds-masthead-container
  data-endpoint="/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/translations/masthead-footer/v2"
  auth-method="profile-api"
  has-contact="false"
></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Adopting Masthead v2 with Cloud data endpoint

###### JS (via CDN):

```html
// Alpha tag using changes from the feature branch (feat/masthead-v2)
<script type="module" src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v2/alpha/masthead.min.js"></script>
```

###### Markup:

```html
<dds-masthead-container
  data-endpoint="/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/translations/cloud-masthead"
  platform="Cloud"
  auth-method="cookie"
  has-contact="true"
></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Setting Platform

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum"></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Setting Platform URL

The `platformUrl` property accepts a single URL as string or an object with a specific URL for each locale.
This property has to be set via javascript.

###### Setting a single platform URL:

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum" id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

```javascript
const singleUrl = 'https://www.example.com';

document.getElementById('masthead-container').platformUrl = singleUrl;
```

###### Setting multiple platform URLs with an object:

With an object, the component will show a specific URL depending on the locale:

```javascript
const urlObject = {
  'en-US': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com',
  },
  'fr-FR': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com/fr-fr/sample',
  },
  'es-MX': {
    url: 'https://www.example.com/es-mx/sample',
  },
};

document.getElementById('masthead-container').platformUrl = urlObject;
```

```html
<dds-masthead-container platform="Lorem Ipsum" id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

#### Custom Navigation

```javascript
const links = [...menu items...];
document.getElementById('masthead-container').navLinks = links;
```

#### Using L1 nav

To use L1 nav, set `l1Data` prop. `l1Data` prop should be a MastheadL1
object, as defined in packages/services-store/src/actions/translateAPI.ts
that contains the navigation data of L1 nav:

```javascipt
const l1Data = {
  platform: {
    name: 'Stock Charts',
    url: 'https://example.com/',
  },
  menuItems: [...],
  actions: {...},
}
```

```html
<dds-masthead-container id="masthead-container"></dds-masthead-container>
```

To set a custom endpoint for the translation service to fetch from, set either the `data-endpoint` attribute like below or `DDS_TRANSLATION_ENDPOINT` environment variable.

```html
<dds-masthead-container data-endpoint="/custom-endpoint"></dds-masthead-container>
```

### Setting the active menu item

The active menu item receives a unique style treatment to indicate where the current page is within the navigation hierarchy.

##### Manually

Manually set the active item by using the `selected-menu-item` property. See [the Props table](#props).

##### Automatically

The first menu item whose `href` value matches the browser window's current URL will automatically be marked active if the `selected-menu-item` property has not been set.

If no other menu items are marked active and the optional `platformUrl` property has been set, the platform link will be marked active.

### Understanding the different authentication method types

The `<dds-masthead-container>` and `<dds-masthead-composite>` components both expose the `auth-method` property which allows the adopters to define the authentication method based on their content ecosystems and renders the ultity menu items (located on the top right-hand area) based on the defined auth method. See below for more context on each available value.

- `auth-method="profile-api"` - The default authentication method used on the global masthead to display links to the MyIBM profile.
- `auth-method="cookie"` - This authentication method checks for the cookie name value return from the `cloud.ibm.com` console application (eg. `com.ibm.cloud.iam.LoggedIn.prod`) and see if it returns `1` or `0`. This method is designed and intended for "Cloud" web segment usage only.
- `auth-method="docs-api"` - This authentication method checks against the console API user login response. This method is designed and intended for Cloud Docs (https://cloud.ibm.com) team usage only.

## Using custom search with typeahead API

Using a search API other than the default provided from IBM Search is supported.

First, add the `custom-typeahead-api` attribute into the masthead and set it to `true`.

```html
<dds-masthead-container custom-typeahead-api="true"></dds-masthead-container>
```

As an example, we will be using the IBM Docs API to fetch the data, retrieving an array of result suggestions.

```javascript
async function customTypeaheadApiFunction(searchVal) {
  return fetch(`https://ibmdocs-dev.mybluemix.net/docs/api/v1/suggest?query=${searchVal}&lang=en&categories=&limit=6`)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(data => {
      let searchResults = [data.hints];
      return searchResults;
    });
}
```

To query the current masthead search input, we need to create an event listener to listen for the `dds-search-with-typeahead-input` event.
Once captured, we need to call our asynchronous function to fetch the custom API results based on the query. Once the results are retrieved,
a new custom event `dds-custom-typeahead-api-results` needs to be dispatched containing the results for the component to render the search suggestions.

```javascript
document.addEventListener('dds-search-with-typeahead-input', async e => {
  const results = await customTypeaheadApiFunction(e.detail.value);
  document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('dds-custom-typeahead-api-results', { detail: results }));
});
```

### Grouped Search

Some APIs contain grouped results in addition to regular search suggestions, which can also be displayed upon search.

As before, create a function that fetches the query and make sure to include a JSON object containing the section's `title`
and the array of retrieved section suggestions in `items`. In the example below, the section `Product pages` is added to the
results array.

```javascript
async function customTypeaheadApiFunction(searchVal) {
  return fetch(`https://ibmdocs-dev.mybluemix.net/docs/api/v1/suggest?query=${searchVal}&lang=en&categories=&limit=6`)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(data => {
      let searchResults = [
        data.hints,

        // optional category results fetched from API
        {
          title: 'Product pages',
          items: data.products,
        },
      ];
      return searchResults;
    });
}
```

As mentioned above, the two events `dds-search-with-typeahead-input` and `dds-custom-typeahead-api-results` must be handled for
suggestions to be rendered -- the same code for the event listener can be reused.

#### Note

The API results must match the following structure:

```javascript
[
  ['result 1', 'result 2', 'result 3'],
  {
    title: 'Example group 1'
    items: ['result a', 'result b', 'result c']
  },
  {
    title: "Example group 2",
    items: ['result d', 'result e', 'result f']
  }
]
```

Note that only the first array element is necessary to render the basic search suggestions, the following JSON objects are optional Grouped sections.

## Scoped search
Scoped searches are also supported, returning results from specifically targeted IBM pages and products.

First, prepare the desired categories to use when scoping the search. In this example, we will be creating an array with
four categories, which must follow the structure below:


```javascript
const scopeParameters = [
  {
    name: 'All',
    appId: 'all',
    value: 'all',
  },
  {
    name: 'Analyst',
    appId: 'analyst',
    value: 'analyst'
  },
  {
    name: 'PartnerWorld',
    appId: 'pw',
    value: ['pw', 'pwp'],
  },
  {
    name: 'Developer',
    appId: 'dw',
    value: ['dw', 'dwaspera'],
  },
  {
    name: 'IBM Docs',
    appId: 'ibmdocs',
    value: ['ibmdocs', 'dw']
    label: 'Search Label', // optional
  }
];
```
#### Note
A list of the available scoped categories can be found [here](https://github.ibm.com/digital-marketplace/columbus/blob/master/docs/SCOPED.MD).

The `value` property can either be a single string, or an array of strings.

This array will be passed into the `scopeParameters` property. If using `lit-html` to render your page, this can be added
using `.scopeParameters` (note the `.`), in order for the array to be processed properly in the component.

```html
<dds-masthead-composite .scopeParameters="${scopeParameters}"></dds-masthead-composite>
```

Alternatively, JavaScript can be used to insert it into the component.

```javascript
document.querySelector('dds-masthead-composite').scopeParameters = scopeParameters;
```

If a different locale is used, it will be necessary to use a formatter function to localize the placeholder text that
will be rendered depending on the selected scope.

```javascript
const placeholderFormatter = ({scopeValue}) => `Buscar en ${scopeValue}`;
document.querySelector('dds-search-with-typeahead').placeholderFormatter = placeholderFormatter;
```

## Props

### `<dds-masthead-container>`/`<dds-masthead-composite>`

<Props of="dds-masthead-composite" />

For Cloud-specific version of masthead-container, `<dds-cloud-masthead-container>`, we support two user authentication methods, via cookie or api. To select between the two, provide the `auth-method` prop with a value of either 'cookie' or 'api'.

```html
<dds-cloud-masthead-container auth-method="cookie"></dds-cloud-masthead-container>
```

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector                                                                   | Compatibility selector                                                   | Description |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `<dds-masthead>`                                                                          | `data-autoid="dds--masthead"`                                            | Component   |
| `<dds-masthead-menu-button>`                                                              | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__hamburger"`                                 | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav-name>`                                                                      | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__platform-name"`                             | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav>`                                                                           | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav"`                                    | Component   |
| `<dds-top-nav-menu trigger-content="${item}">` and `<dds-top-nav-item title="${item}">`   | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav--nav${item}"`                        | Interactive |
| `<dds-top-nav-menu-item title="${item}">`                                                 | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-nav--subnav-col${item}-item${item}"`     | Interactive |
| `<dds-left-nav>`                                                                          | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav"`                                | Component   |
| `<dds-left-nav-menu trigger-content="${item}">` and `<dds-left-nav-item title="${item}">` | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav--nav${item}"`                    | Interactive |
| `<dds-left-nav-menu-item title="${item}">`                                                | `data-autoid="dds--masthead__l0-sidenav--subnav-col${item}-item${item}"` | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
