packages/web-components/src/components/footer/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';

# Footer

> The footer component is a required navigational pattern for IBM.com that
> displays consistently at the bottom of each page.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/footer)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

### Quick start

`<dds-footer-container>` automatically renders contents of footer from default service data. If you want change in services/data integration, etc., see ["Customizing data integration" section](#customizing-data-integration) below.

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container';
```

##### HTML

```html
<dds-footer-container></dds-footer-container>
```

#### Attributes and properties `<dds-footer-container>`

<Props of="dds-footer-composite" />

### Customizing service/data integration

For better flexibility in service integration, we have `<dds-footer-composite>` that automatically renders contents of footer from the given data.
You can populate the data automatically from `@carbon/ibmdotcom-servies` by connecting a Redux store into `<dds-footer-composite>`.

The default Redux store as well as its property/action mappers are available in `@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container` module. You can connect `<dds-footer-composite>` to the default Redux store and its property/action mappers by below code:


##### JS

```javascript
import ConnectMixin from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/globals/mixins/connect';
import DDSFooterComposite from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-composite';
import { store, mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container';

// Connects `<dds-footer-composite>` to `@carbon/ibmdotcom-servies` and creates `<myapp-footer-container>`
customElements.define('myapp-footer-container', class extends ConnectMixin(store, mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps)(DDSFooterComposite) {})
```

You can replace the Redux store or its property/action mappers of your own, as long as the comnination of those yields to the same data structure as the default one.

##### HTML

```html
<myapp-footer-container></myapp-footer-container>
```

#### Attributes and properties `<dds-footer-composite>`

<Props of="dds-footer-composite" />

### Rendering footer content by your own

You can also render the footer content by your own, e.g. for server-side rendering, like:

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-logo';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav-group';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav-item';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/legal-nav';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/legal-nav-item';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/locale-button';

document.addEventListener('click', event => {
  if (event.target.matches('dds-locale-button')) {
    document.querySelector('dds-locale-modal').open = true;
  }
});
```

##### HTML

```html
<dds-footer>
  <dds-footer-logo></dds-footer-logo>
  <dds-footer-nav>
    <dds-footer-nav-group title-text="Discover">
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/products">Products</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/">Redbooks</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/services">Services</dds-footer-nav-item>
    </dds-footer-nav-group>
    <dds-footer-nav-group title-text="Information for...">
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://developer.ibm.com/">Developers</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/partnerworld/public">Business</dds-footer-nav-item>
    </dds-footer-nav-group>
  </dds-footer-nav>
  <dds-locale-button></dds-locale-button>
  <dds-legal-nav>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/contact/us/en/>Contact IBM</dds-legal-nav-item>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/">Privacy</dds-legal-nav-item>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/us-en/legal">Terms of use</dds-legal-nav-item>
  </dds-legal-nav>
</dds-footer>
```

> 💡 See [`<dds-locale-modal>` doc](/?path=/docs/components-locale-modal--default) for generating the content for locale modal.

## `<dds-footer>`

`<dds-footer>` works as the shell in footer.

<Props of="dds-footer" />

## `<dds-footer-logo>`

`<dds-footer-logo>` shows the IBM brand logo in footer.

<Props of="dds-masthead-logo" />

## `<dds-footer-nav>`

`<dds-footer-nav>` works as the primary collection of links in footer.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav" />

## `<dds-footer-nav-group>`

`<dds-footer-nav-group>` works as a group of links in `<dds-footer-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav-group" />

## `<dds-footer-nav-item>`

`<dds-footer-nav-item>` works as a link in `<dds-footer-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav-item" />

## `<dds-legal-nav>`

`<dds-legal-nav>` works as the secondary collection of links in footer.

<Props of="dds-legal-nav" />

## `<dds-legal-nav-item>`

`<dds-legal-nav-item>` works as a link in `<dds-legal-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-legal-nav-item" />

## `<dds-locale-button>`

`<dds-locale-button>` works as a launcher of locale modal (`<dds-locale-modal>`).

<Props of="dds-locale-button" />

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector  | Compatibility selector                 | Description |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `<dds-footer>`           | `data-autoid="dds--footer"`            | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-nav>`       | `data-autoid="dds--footer-nav"`        | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-nav-group>` | `data-autoid="dds--footer-nav-group"`  | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-logo>`      | `data-autoid="dds--footer-logo"`       | Component   |
| `<dds-locale-button>`    | `data-autoid="dds--footer-locale-btn"` | Interactive |
| `<dds-legal-nav>`        | `data-autoid="dds--legal-nav"`         | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

fix(footer): add missing short variant style

packages/web-components/src/components/footer/__stories__/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Preview, Props, Description, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import corsproxy from '../../../../../../docs/cors-proxy.md';

# Footer

> The footer component is a required navigational pattern for IBM.com that
> displays consistently at the bottom of each page.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components/examples/codesandbox/components/footer)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

### Quick start

`<dds-footer-container>` automatically renders contents of footer from default service data. If you want change in services/data integration, etc., see ["Customizing data integration" section](#customizing-data-integration) below.

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container';
```

##### HTML

```html
<dds-footer-container></dds-footer-container>
```

> 💡 You can get short variant of footer with `size="short"` attribute.

#### Attributes and properties `<dds-footer-container>`

<Props of="dds-footer-composite" />

### Customizing service/data integration

For better flexibility in service integration, we have `<dds-footer-composite>` that automatically renders contents of footer from the given data.
You can populate the data automatically from `@carbon/ibmdotcom-servies` by connecting a Redux store into `<dds-footer-composite>`.

The default Redux store as well as its property/action mappers are available in `@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container` module. You can connect `<dds-footer-composite>` to the default Redux store and its property/action mappers by below code:


##### JS

```javascript
import ConnectMixin from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/globals/mixins/connect';
import DDSFooterComposite from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-composite';
import { store, mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-container';

// Connects `<dds-footer-composite>` to `@carbon/ibmdotcom-servies` and creates `<myapp-footer-container>`
customElements.define('myapp-footer-container', class extends ConnectMixin(store, mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps)(DDSFooterComposite) {})
```

You can replace the Redux store or its property/action mappers of your own, as long as the comnination of those yields to the same data structure as the default one.

##### HTML

```html
<myapp-footer-container></myapp-footer-container>
```

#### Attributes and properties `<dds-footer-composite>`

<Props of="dds-footer-composite" />

### Rendering footer content by your own

You can also render the footer content by your own, e.g. for server-side rendering, like:

##### JS

```javascript
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-logo';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav-group';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/footer-nav-item';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/legal-nav';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/legal-nav-item';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/footer/locale-button';

document.addEventListener('click', event => {
  if (event.target.matches('dds-locale-button')) {
    document.querySelector('dds-locale-modal').open = true;
  }
});
```

##### HTML

```html
<dds-footer>
  <dds-footer-logo></dds-footer-logo>
  <dds-footer-nav>
    <dds-footer-nav-group title-text="Discover">
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/products">Products</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/">Redbooks</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/services">Services</dds-footer-nav-item>
    </dds-footer-nav-group>
    <dds-footer-nav-group title-text="Information for...">
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://developer.ibm.com/">Developers</dds-footer-nav-item>
      <dds-footer-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/partnerworld/public">Business</dds-footer-nav-item>
    </dds-footer-nav-group>
  </dds-footer-nav>
  <dds-locale-button></dds-locale-button>
  <dds-legal-nav>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/contact/us/en/>Contact IBM</dds-legal-nav-item>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/">Privacy</dds-legal-nav-item>
    <dds-legal-nav-item href="https://www.ibm.com/us-en/legal">Terms of use</dds-legal-nav-item>
  </dds-legal-nav>
</dds-footer>
```

> 💡 See [`<dds-locale-modal>` doc](/?path=/docs/components-locale-modal--default) for generating the content for locale modal.

## `<dds-footer>`

`<dds-footer>` works as the shell in footer.

<Props of="dds-footer" />

## `<dds-footer-logo>`

`<dds-footer-logo>` shows the IBM brand logo in footer.

<Props of="dds-masthead-logo" />

## `<dds-footer-nav>`

`<dds-footer-nav>` works as the primary collection of links in footer.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav" />

## `<dds-footer-nav-group>`

`<dds-footer-nav-group>` works as a group of links in `<dds-footer-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav-group" />

## `<dds-footer-nav-item>`

`<dds-footer-nav-item>` works as a link in `<dds-footer-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-footer-nav-item" />

## `<dds-legal-nav>`

`<dds-legal-nav>` works as the secondary collection of links in footer.

<Props of="dds-legal-nav" />

## `<dds-legal-nav-item>`

`<dds-legal-nav-item>` works as a link in `<dds-legal-nav>`.

<Props of="dds-legal-nav-item" />

## `<dds-locale-button>`

`<dds-locale-button>` works as a launcher of locale modal (`<dds-locale-modal>`).

<Props of="dds-locale-button" />

## Stable selectors

See [our README](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/web-components#stable-selectors-for-analytics-and-integratione2e-testing-in-web-components) to see how Web Components selector and `data-autoid` should be used.

| Web Components selector  | Compatibility selector                 | Description |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `<dds-footer>`           | `data-autoid="dds--footer"`            | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-nav>`       | `data-autoid="dds--footer-nav"`        | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-nav-group>` | `data-autoid="dds--footer-nav-group"`  | Component   |
| `<dds-footer-logo>`      | `data-autoid="dds--footer-logo"`       | Component   |
| `<dds-locale-button>`    | `data-autoid="dds--footer-locale-btn"` | Interactive |
| `<dds-legal-nav>`        | `data-autoid="dds--legal-nav"`         | Component   |

<Description markdown={corsproxy} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />
