packages/react/src/components/NoticeChoice/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import NoticeChoice from './NoticeChoice';

# Notice Choice

> The NoticeChoice component is to be utilized within IBM.com or IBM Authorized partnet websites.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/NoticeChoice)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/NoticeChoice)

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/checkbox/checkbox';
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/notice-choice/notice-choice';
```

> 💡 It's not mandatory to import above css if you have your own css.
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/main/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
/**
 * Copyright IBM Corp. 2016, 2022
 *
 * This source code is licensed under the Apache-2.0 license found in the
 * LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
 */
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { NoticeChoice } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';

import 'yourapplication.scss';

const questionChoices = [1,2,3]
const termsConditionLink = ``
const locale = 'us-en'
const country = 'US'
const email = ''
const classNames = ''
const enableAllOptIn = false

function App() {
 return (
    <NoticeChoice
      questionChoices={questionChoices}
      termsConditionLink={termsConditionLink}
      locale={locale}
      country={country}
      onChange={onChange}
      email={email}
      classNames={classNames}
      enableAllOptIn={enableAllOptIn}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

##### OPTIONAL 💡

In addition, direct ES module imports can be used to speed up build compilation
and have less reliance on tree-shaking determinations from build scripts:

```js
import NoticeChoice from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react/es/components/NoticeChoice/NoticeChoice';
```

## Props

<Props of={NoticeChoice} />

## Stable selectors

| Name         | Description |
| ------------ | ----------- |
| `dds--nc`    | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

Notice & choice - Refactor and update documentation (#9328)
### Related Ticket(s)

{{Provide url(s) to the related ticket(s) that this pull request addresses}}

### Description

This PR is about updating the adoption guideline with additional information and also refactor the useEffect hooks.

### Changelog

**New**

- Documentation about how to onboard related API.

**Changed**

- Refactor useEffect hook to optimize performance and reduce API calls.

**Removed**

- {{removed thing}}

<!-- React and Web Component deploy previews are enabled by default. -->
<!-- To enable additional available deploy previews, apply the following -->
<!-- labels for the corresponding package: -->
<!-- *** "test: e2e": Codesandbox examples and e2e integration tests -->
<!-- *** "package: services": Services -->
<!-- *** "package: utilities": Utilities -->
<!-- *** "RTL": React / Web Components (RTL) -->
<!-- *** "feature flag": React / Web Components (experimental) -->

packages/react/src/components/NoticeChoice/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import NoticeChoice from './NoticeChoice';

# Notice Choice

> The NoticeChoice component is to be utilized within IBM.com or IBM Authorized partnet websites.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/NoticeChoice)
> example implementation.

[![Edit @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/NoticeChoice)

## Getting started

The NoticeChoice component is to be utilized within IBM.com or IBM Authorized partner websites and is required on all registration forms.  Please note that this service displays the proper notice and choice content and uses country and user information to determine whether to pre-check the boxes.  It does NOT save the results of the user’s selection.  You must use [MRS API](https://w3.ibm.com/w3publisher/mrs/mrsaas-api) to store the interaction along with the users choices.


Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/checkbox/checkbox';
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/notice-choice/notice-choice';
```

> 💡 It's not mandatory to import above css if you have your own css.
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/main/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
/**
 * Copyright IBM Corp. 2016, 2022
 *
 * This source code is licensed under the Apache-2.0 license found in the
 * LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
 */
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { NoticeChoice } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';

import 'yourapplication.scss';

const questionChoices = [1,2,3]
const termsConditionLink = ``
const locale = 'us-en'
const country = 'US'
const email = ''
const classNames = ''
const enableAllOptIn = false

function App() {
 return (
    <NoticeChoice
      questionChoices={questionChoices}
      termsConditionLink={termsConditionLink}
      locale={locale}
      country={country}
      onChange={onChange}
      email={email}
      classNames={classNames}
      enableAllOptIn={enableAllOptIn}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/styles#usage).

#### Feature Flags

To utilize the following features, set the following variables to `true` within
your `.env` file or your application build settings.

```
DDS_NOTICE_CHOICE=true
```

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```


## Props

<Props of={NoticeChoice} />

## Stable selectors

| Name         | Description |
| ------------ | ----------- |
| `dds--nc`    | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
