packages/react/src/components/LinkList/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LinkList from './LinkList';

# Link List

> The Link List component will be used to have list of different cta types.

> 💡 Check our [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/LinkList) example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/link-list/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LinkList
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LinkList } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const items = [
    {
      heading: 'Containerization: A Complete Guide',
      type: 'local',
      copy: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet',
      cta: {
        href: 'https://ibm.com',
      },
    },
    {
      heading: 'Why should you use microservices and containers?',
      type: 'external',
      copy: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet',
      cta: {
        href: 'https://ibm.com',
      },
    },
    {
      type: 'video',
      media: {
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      },
    },
  ];
  return (
    <LinkList
      style="card|horizontal|vertical"
      heading={heading}
      items={items}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the LinkList styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LinkList} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/LinkList/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import LinkList from './LinkList';

# Link List

> Link lists are a collection of links that can be presented in various
> orientations and styles, such as horizontal, vertical, and cards.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/LinkList)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/link-list/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the LinkList
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { LinkList } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const items = [
    {
      heading: 'Containerization: A Complete Guide',
      type: 'local',
      copy: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet',
      cta: {
        href: 'https://ibm.com',
      },
    },
    {
      heading: 'Why should you use microservices and containers?',
      type: 'external',
      copy: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet',
      cta: {
        href: 'https://ibm.com',
      },
    },
    {
      type: 'video',
      media: {
        src: '0_uka1msg4',
        type: 'video',
      },
    },
  ];
  return (
    <LinkList
      style="card|horizontal|vertical"
      heading={heading}
      items={items}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the LinkList styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={LinkList} />

<Description markdown={contributing} />
