packages/react/src/components/ImageWithCaption/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ImageWithCaption from './ImageWithCaption';

# Image With Caption

> The ImageWithCaption component will be used as the primary way of embedding
> images on pages.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/image-with-caption/image-with-caption';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> ImageWithCaption styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const heading = 'this is the caption text.';
  const image = {
    defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
    alt: 'image with caption alt text',
    sources: [
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/320x160',
        breakpoint: 320,
      },
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/400x400',
        breakpoint: 400,
      },
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
        breakpoint: 672,
      },
    ],
  };

  return <ImageWithCaption inverse={false} image={image} heading={heading} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={ImageWithCaption} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                      | Description |
| ------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--image-with-caption` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/ImageWithCaption/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ImageWithCaption from './ImageWithCaption';

# Image With Caption

> This leverages the image component and can also display a caption for the
> image.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/ImageWithCaption)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/image-with-caption/image-with-caption';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> ImageWithCaption styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const heading = 'this is the caption text.';
  const image = {
    defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
    alt: 'image with caption alt text',
    sources: [
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/320x160',
        breakpoint: 320,
      },
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/400x400',
        breakpoint: 400,
      },
      {
        src: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
        breakpoint: 672,
      },
    ],
  };

  return <ImageWithCaption inverse={false} image={image} heading={heading} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={ImageWithCaption} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                      | Description |
| ------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--image-with-caption` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
