packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/FeatureCardBlockLarge/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import FeatureCardBlockLarge from './FeatureCardBlockLarge';

# Feature Card Block Large

> The Feature Card Block Large pattern is to be utilized within IBM.com.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

```scss
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/feature-card-block-large/feature-card-block-large.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> FeatureCardBlockLarge styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { FeatureCardBlockLarge } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
const heading = 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.';
const card = [
  {
    cta: {
      href: 'https://www.example.com',
    },
    image: {
      defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672/ee5396/161616&text=1x1',
      alt: 'Image alt text',
    },
  },
];
function App() {
  return (
    <FeatureCardBlockLarge
      eyebrow={eyebrow}
      heading={heading}
      copy={copy}
      cta={cta}
      image={image}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line on your `.env` file at the root of your project,
[see more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the FeatureCardBlockLarge styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={FeatureCardBlockLarge} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                            | Description |
| ------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--feature-card-block-large` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(docs): add custom breakpoint image doc in readme

packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/FeatureCardBlockLarge/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import FeatureCardBlockLarge from './FeatureCardBlockLarge';

# Feature Card Block Large

> The Feature Card Block Large pattern is to be utilized within IBM.com.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

```scss
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/feature-card-block-large/feature-card-block-large.scss';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the
> FeatureCardBlockLarge styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { FeatureCardBlockLarge } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
const heading = 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.';
const card = [
  {
    cta: {
      href: 'https://www.example.com',
    },
    image: {
      defaultSrc: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672/ee5396/161616&text=1x1',
      alt: 'Image alt text',
    },
  },
];
function App() {
  return (
    <FeatureCardBlockLarge
      eyebrow={eyebrow}
      heading={heading}
      copy={copy}
      cta={cta}
      image={image}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line on your `.env` file at the root of your project,
[see more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the FeatureCardBlockLarge styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={FeatureCardBlockLarge} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                            | Description |
| ------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--feature-card-block-large` | Component   |


## Image Assets
Note that the `<FeatureCardBlockLarge />` uses custom breakpoints depending if `copy` prop has been passed in. If there is a copy, please pass a 1:1 ratio image
for the 991px breakpoint. If there is no copy, please pass in a 1:1 ratio image for the 751px breakpoint. For an example of this, take a look at `FeatureCardBlockLarge`'s image prop
in the story.

<Description markdown={contributing} />
