packages/react/src/components/CardGroup/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CardGroup from './CardGroup';

# Card Group

> The CardGroup component is a collection of Card components that can be used in
> block and group -level patterns.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/card-group/card-group';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the card-group
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CardGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return <CardGroup cards={cards} cta={cta} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)..

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={CardGroup} />

## Stable selectors

| Name              | Description |
| ----------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--card-group` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/CardGroup/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CardGroup from './CardGroup';

# Card Group

> Card groups are a collection of card components that can be used in block and
> group -level patterns.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/card-group/card-group';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the card-group
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/CardGroup)
> example implementation.

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CardGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return <CardGroup cards={cards} cta={cta} />;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage)..

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={CardGroup} />

## Stable selectors

| Name              | Description |
| ----------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--card-group` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
