packages/react/src/components/ButtonGroup/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ButtonGroup from './ButtonGroup';

# Button Group

> The button group component is to be utilized within IBM.com for grouping two
> or more Button components together.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/buttongroup/buttongroup';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the ButtonGroup
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

### Base example

This is the base example 'ButtonGroup'. Note, the buttons will not resize based
on text size.

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { ArrowRight20, ArrowDown20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { ButtonGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <ButtonGroup
      buttons={[
        {
          href: 'https://example.com',
          copy: 'Primary action button',
          renderIcon: ArrowDown20,
        },
        {
          href: 'https://example.com',
          copy: 'Secondary action button',
          renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
        },
      ]}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. 💡

### Example with buttons based on text size

This example utilizes the grid system in order to adjust the button size based
on text size. Adjust the columns as needed.

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { ArrowRight20, ArrowDown20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { ButtonGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import '@carbon/grid/scss/grid.scss';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
function App() {
  return (
    <div className="bx-grid">
      <div className="row">
        <div className="bx--col-lg-12 bx--col-md-8 bx--col-sm-16">
          <ButtonGroup
            buttons={[
              {
                href: 'https://example.com',
                copy: 'Primary action button',
                renderIcon: ArrowDown20,
              },
              {
                href: 'https://example.com',
                copy: 'Secondary action button',
                renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
              },
            ]}
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

> Don't forget to import the button group styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={ButtonGroup} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description                                 |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `dds--button-group`          | `ButtonGroup` wrapper layer                 |
| `dds--button-group-${index}` | `Button` component within the `ButtonGroup` |



<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/ButtonGroup/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import ButtonGroup from './ButtonGroup';

# Button Group

> Use button groups when you want to display multiple buttons, such as in a
> call-to-action.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/ButtonGroup)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/buttongroup/buttongroup';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the ButtonGroup
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

### Base example

This is the base example 'ButtonGroup'. Note, the buttons will not resize based
on text size.

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { ArrowRight20, ArrowDown20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { ButtonGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  return (
    <ButtonGroup
      buttons={[
        {
          href: 'https://example.com',
          copy: 'Primary action button',
          renderIcon: ArrowDown20,
        },
        {
          href: 'https://example.com',
          copy: 'Secondary action button',
          renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
        },
      ]}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. 💡

### Example with buttons based on text size

This example utilizes the grid system in order to adjust the button size based
on text size. Adjust the columns as needed.

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { ArrowRight20, ArrowDown20 } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { ButtonGroup } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import '@carbon/grid/scss/grid.scss';
import 'yourapplication.scss';
function App() {
  return (
    <div className="bx-grid">
      <div className="row">
        <div className="bx--col-lg-12 bx--col-md-8 bx--col-sm-16">
          <ButtonGroup
            buttons={[
              {
                href: 'https://example.com',
                copy: 'Primary action button',
                renderIcon: ArrowDown20,
              },
              {
                href: 'https://example.com',
                copy: 'Secondary action button',
                renderIcon: ArrowRight20,
              },
            ]}
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

> Don't forget to import the button group styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={ButtonGroup} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description                                 |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `dds--button-group`          | `ButtonGroup` wrapper layer                 |
| `dds--button-group-${index}` | `Button` component within the `ButtonGroup` |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
