packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/CalloutData/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CalloutData from './CalloutData';

# Callout with Data

> The "Callout with Data" is a decorator of `Callout`.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

```scss
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/callout-data/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CalloutQuote
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CalloutData } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {

  const data = '51%';
  const copy = 'Lorem ipsum';
  const source = 'Dolor sit amet';
  return <CalloutData data={data} copy={copy} source={source} />
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the CalloutData styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={CalloutData} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                 | Description |
| -------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--callout-data`  | Pattern     |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

fix(CalloutData): updated docs (#2947)
I've added the feature flag usage to CalloutData README file.

packages/react/src/patterns/blocks/CalloutData/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CalloutData from './CalloutData';

# Callout with Data

> The "Callout with Data" is a decorator of `Callout`.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

```scss
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/blocks/callout-data/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CalloutQuote
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CalloutData } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {

  const data = '51%';
  const copy = 'Lorem ipsum';
  const source = 'Dolor sit amet';
  return <CalloutData data={data} copy={copy} source={source} />
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

## Feature Flag

This pattern is currently behind a feature flag, in order to use it you'll need to add the following into your `.env` file.

```
  DDS_CALLOUT_DATA=true
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the CalloutData styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={CalloutData} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                 | Description |
| -------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--callout-data`  | Pattern     |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
