packages/react/src/patterns/sections/CTASection/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CTASection from './CTASection';

# CTA Section

> The CTASection pattern is to be utilized within IBM.com. See
> [CardSection](https://github.com/mkothur/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/react/src/patterns/sections/CTASection/README.md)👀

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/sections/ctasection/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CTA Section
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

#### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTASection } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';

import 'yourapplication.scss';

const ctaProps = {
  style: 'button',
  type: 'local',
  buttons: [
    {
      type: 'local',
      copy: ['Contact sales'],
    },
  ],
};

const contentBlockProps = {
  heading: 'Take the next step',
  copy: `Want to discuss your options with a DevOps expert? Contact our sales team to evaluate your needs.`,
};

const contentItemsProps = [
  {
    heading: 'Get connected',
    copy: `
      IBM DevOps partners have a wide range of expertise.
      Find one to build the right solution for you.
      `,
    cta: {
      copy: 'Find a partner',
      type: 'local',
      href: 'https://example.com/',
    },
  },
  {
    heading: 'Learn how',
    copy: 'Dig into more self-directed learning about DevOps methodologies.',
    cta: {
      copy: 'Browse tutorials',
      type: 'local',
      href: 'https://example.com/',
    },
  },
];

function App() {
  return (
    <CTASection
      {...contentBlockProps}
      cta={ctaProps}
      items={contentItemsProps}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={CTASection} />

## Stable selectors

| Name               | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `dds--cta-section` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(examples): add codesandbox pattern examples (#3065)
Add Codesandbox examples for patterns.

packages/react/src/patterns/sections/CTASection/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import CTASection from './CTASection';

# CTA Section

> Use the CTASection to provide additional contextual information for the
> section or page with specific calls to action.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/patterns/sections/CTASection)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();

@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/patterns/sections/ctasection/index';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the CTA Section
> styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

#### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { CTASection } from '@carbon/ibmdotcom-react';

import 'yourapplication.scss';

const ctaProps = {
  style: 'button',
  type: 'local',
  buttons: [
    {
      type: 'local',
      copy: ['Contact sales'],
    },
  ],
};

const contentBlockProps = {
  heading: 'Take the next step',
  copy: `Want to discuss your options with a DevOps expert? Contact our sales team to evaluate your needs.`,
};

const contentItemsProps = [
  {
    heading: 'Get connected',
    copy: `
      IBM DevOps partners have a wide range of expertise.
      Find one to build the right solution for you.
      `,
    cta: {
      copy: 'Find a partner',
      type: 'local',
      href: 'https://example.com/',
    },
  },
  {
    heading: 'Learn how',
    copy: 'Dig into more self-directed learning about DevOps methodologies.',
    cta: {
      copy: 'Browse tutorials',
      type: 'local',
      href: 'https://example.com/',
    },
  },
];

function App() {
  return (
    <CTASection
      {...contentBlockProps}
      cta={ctaProps}
      items={contentItemsProps}
    />
  );
}
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

## Props

<Props of={CTASection} />

## Stable selectors

| Name               | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `dds--cta-section` | Component   |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
