packages/carbon-web-components/README.md, before:

A Carbon Design System variant that's as easy to use as native HTML elements, with no framework tax, no framework silo.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com">
    <img alt="Carbon Design System" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3901764/57545698-ce5f2380-7320-11e9-8682-903df232d7b0.png" width="100%" />
  </a>
</p>

> Carbon is an open-source design system built by IBM. With the IBM Design
> Language as its foundation, the system consists of working code, design tools
> and resources, human interface guidelines, and a vibrant community of
> contributors.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-web-components/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg" alt="Carbon is released under the Apache-2.0 license" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.netlify.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/global/badges/netlify-color-accent.svg"/>
  </a>
</p>

# `carbon-web-components`

`carbon-web-components` is a variant of Carbon Design System with Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs.

Has been experimenting with enthusiasm, and now has a stable version.

The effort stems from https://github.com/carbon-design-system/issue-tracking/issues/121. If you are interested in this project, adding 👍 to the description of that GH issue, or even contributing, will be greatly appreciated!

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Basic usage](#basic-usage)
  - [Angular](#angular)
  - [React](#react)
  - [Vue](#vue)
  - [Other usage guides](#other-usage-guides)
- [Getting started with development](#getting-started-with-development)
- [Running React/Angular/Vue Storybook demo](#running-reactangularvue-storybook-demo)
- [List of available components](#list-of-available-components)
- [Browser support](#browser-support)
- [Coding conventions](#coding-conventions)
- [Creating build](#creating-build)
- [Running unit test](#running-unit-test)
- [Running build integration test](#running-build-integration-test)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Getting started

To install `carbon-web-components` in your project, you will need to run the
following command using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npm install -S carbon-web-components carbon-components lit-html lit-element
```

If you prefer [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/), use the following command
instead:

```bash
yarn add carbon-web-components carbon-components lit-html lit-element
```

### Basic usage

Our example at [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io) shows the most basic usage:

[![Edit carbon-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/basic)

The first thing you need is **setting up a module bundler** to resolve ECMAScript `import`s. Above example uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org). You can use other bundlers like [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/)/[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), too.

Once you set up a module bundler, you can start importing our component modules, like:

```javascript
import 'carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown';
import 'carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown-item';
```

Once you do that, you can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, like:

```html
<bx-dropdown trigger-content="Select an item">
  <bx-dropdown-item value="all">Option 1</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="staging">Option 3</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="dea">Option 4</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="router">Option 5</bx-dropdown-item>
</bx-dropdown>
```

If you just want to try our components for demonstrations, etc., you can use CDNs that support module mapping (e.g. [JSPM](https://jspm.org)). With it, you can just import our modules in `<script type="module">`:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <script type="module">
      import 'https://jspm.dev/carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown.js';
      import 'https://jspm.dev/carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown-item.js';
    </script>
    <style type="text/css">
      #app {
        font-family: 'IBM Plex Sans', 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif;
        width: 300px;
        margin: 2rem;
      }

      bx-dropdown:not(:defined),
      bx-dropdown-item:not(:defined) {
        visibility: hidden;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="app">
      <bx-dropdown trigger-content="Select an item">
        <bx-dropdown-item value="all">Option 1</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="staging">Option 3</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="dea">Option 4</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="router">Option 5</bx-dropdown-item>
      </bx-dropdown>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

### Angular

[![Edit carbon-web-components with Angular](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/angular)

Angular users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, too, once you add [`CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`](https://angular.io/api/core/CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA) schema to your Angular module, like:

```javascript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA],
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

The `.d.ts` files in `carbon-web-components` package are compiled with TypeScript 3.7. You can use TypeScript 3.7 in your Angular application with upcoming Angular `9.0` release, or with the following instructions, so your application can use those `.d.ts` files:

- Set `true` to [`angularCompilerOptions.disableTypeScriptVersionCheck`](https://angular.io/guide/angular-compiler-options#disabletypescriptversioncheck) in `tsconfig.json`
- In `polyfills.ts`, change [`__importDefault` TypeScript helper](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#example-8) as follows: `window.__importDefault = mod => (mod?.__esModule ? mod : { default: mod })`

### React

[![Edit carbon-web-components with React](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/react)

You can use wrapper React components in `carbon-web-components/es/components-react` generated [automatically from the custom elements](./src/globals/wrappers/createReactCustomElementType.ts) which allows you to use our components seamlessly in your React code. Here's an example:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { render } from 'react-dom';
import BXDropdown from 'carbon-web-components/es/components-react/dropdown/dropdown';
import BXDropdownItem from 'carbon-web-components/es/components-react/dropdown/dropdown-item';

const App = () => (
  <BXDropdown triggerContent="Select an item">
    <BXDropdownItem value="all">Option 1</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="staging">Option 3</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="dea">Option 4</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="router">Option 5</BXDropdownItem>
  </BXDropdown>
);

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
```

### Vue

[![Edit carbon-web-components with Vue](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/vue)

Vue users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, without any additional steps!

### Other usage guides

- [Having components participate in form](./docs/form.md)
- [Using custom styles in components](./docs/styling.md)
- [Using `carbon-web-components` with old build toolchain](./docs/old-build-toolchain.md)

## Getting started with development

1. Fork this repository and clone it
2. `yarn install`
3. `yarn wca && yarn storybook`

## Running React/Angular/Vue Storybook demo

- React: `yarn storybook:react` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-react.netlify.com/)
- Angular: `yarn storybook:angular` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-angular.netlify.com/)
- Vue: `yarn storybook:vue` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-vue.netlify.com/)

## List of available components

View available web components at: https://custom-elements.carbondesignsystem.com/. You can see usage information in several ways:

1. Going to Docs tab, where it shows the usage and available attributes, properties and custom events.
2. Clicking the **KNOBS** tab at the bottom and changing values there. Most knobs are shown as something like `Button kind (kind)`, where `kind` is the attribute name
3. Clicking the **ACTION LOGGER** tab at the bottom and interacting with the selected component. You may see something like `bx-modal-closed` which typically indicates that an event with such event type is fired. You can also expand the twistie to see the details of the event

## Browser support

- Latest Chrome/Safari/FF ESR
- IE/Edge support is bast-effort basis
  - Some components may not be supported

To support IE, you need a couple additional setups:

- Toolstack to re-transpile our code to ES5 (e.g. by specifying IE11 in [`@babel/preset-env`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env) configuration)
- Polyfills, listed [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-web-components/blob/master/src/polyfills/index.ts)

Here's an example code that shows such setup:

[![Edit carbon-web-components with IE](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/ie)

## Coding conventions

Can be found at [here](./src/coding-conventions.md).

## Creating build

```
> yarn clean
> yarn build
```

You'll see the build artifacts in `/path/to/carbon-web-components/es` directory.

## Running unit test

You can run unit test by:

```
> gulp test:unit
```

You can run specific test spec by:

```
> gulp test:unit -s tests/spec/dropdown_spec.ts
```

You can choose a browser (instead of Headless Chrome) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Firefox
```

You can keep the browser after the test (and re-run the test when files change) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Chrome -k
```

You can prevent code coverate instrumentation code from being generated by:

```
> gulp test:unit -d
```

You can update snapshots by:

```
> gulp test:unit --update-snapshot
```

Above options can be used together. This is useful to debug your code as you test:

```
> gulp test:unit -s tests/spec/dropdown_spec.ts -b Chrome -d -k
```

## Running build integration test

You can run build integration test by:

```
> yarn test:integration:build
```

You can run a specific set of UI test steps (e.g. running `tests/integration/build/form-angular_steps.js` only) by:

```
> yarn test:integration:build form-angular_steps
```

By default Chrome runs in headless mode. You can show Chrome UI by:

```
> CI=false yarn test:integration:build
```

## Running UI integration test

You can run UI integration test by:

```
> yarn test:integration:ui
```

You can run a specific set of UI test steps (e.g. running `tests/integration/ui/dropdown_steps.js` only) by:

```
> yarn test:integration:ui dropdown_steps
```

By default Chrome runs in headless mode. You can show Chrome UI by:

```
> CI=false yarn test:integration:ui
```

Commit message:

feat(react-wrapper): support event type (#425)
This change adds type definitions for event handlers in React wrapper.
Also adds `propTypes` definitions.

Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/carbon-web-components/README.md, after:

A Carbon Design System variant that's as easy to use as native HTML elements, with no framework tax, no framework silo.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com">
    <img alt="Carbon Design System" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3901764/57545698-ce5f2380-7320-11e9-8682-903df232d7b0.png" width="100%" />
  </a>
</p>

> Carbon is an open-source design system built by IBM. With the IBM Design
> Language as its foundation, the system consists of working code, design tools
> and resources, human interface guidelines, and a vibrant community of
> contributors.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-web-components/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg" alt="Carbon is released under the Apache-2.0 license" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.netlify.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/global/badges/netlify-color-accent.svg"/>
  </a>
</p>

# `carbon-web-components`

`carbon-web-components` is a variant of Carbon Design System with Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs.

Has been experimenting with enthusiasm, and now has a stable version.

The effort stems from https://github.com/carbon-design-system/issue-tracking/issues/121. If you are interested in this project, adding 👍 to the description of that GH issue, or even contributing, will be greatly appreciated!

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Basic usage](#basic-usage)
  - [Angular](#angular)
  - [React](#react)
  - [Vue](#vue)
  - [Other usage guides](#other-usage-guides)
- [Getting started with development](#getting-started-with-development)
- [Running React/Angular/Vue Storybook demo](#running-reactangularvue-storybook-demo)
- [List of available components](#list-of-available-components)
- [Browser support](#browser-support)
- [Coding conventions](#coding-conventions)
- [Creating build](#creating-build)
- [Running unit test](#running-unit-test)
- [Running build integration test](#running-build-integration-test)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Getting started

To install `carbon-web-components` in your project, you will need to run the
following command using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npm install -S carbon-web-components carbon-components lit-html lit-element
```

If you prefer [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/), use the following command
instead:

```bash
yarn add carbon-web-components carbon-components lit-html lit-element
```

### Basic usage

Our example at [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io) shows the most basic usage:

[![Edit carbon-web-components](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/basic)

The first thing you need is **setting up a module bundler** to resolve ECMAScript `import`s. Above example uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org). You can use other bundlers like [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/)/[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), too.

Once you set up a module bundler, you can start importing our component modules, like:

```javascript
import 'carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown';
import 'carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown-item';
```

Once you do that, you can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, like:

```html
<bx-dropdown trigger-content="Select an item">
  <bx-dropdown-item value="all">Option 1</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="staging">Option 3</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="dea">Option 4</bx-dropdown-item>
  <bx-dropdown-item value="router">Option 5</bx-dropdown-item>
</bx-dropdown>
```

If you just want to try our components for demonstrations, etc., you can use CDNs that support module mapping (e.g. [JSPM](https://jspm.org)). With it, you can just import our modules in `<script type="module">`:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <script type="module">
      import 'https://jspm.dev/carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown.js';
      import 'https://jspm.dev/carbon-web-components/es/components/dropdown/dropdown-item.js';
    </script>
    <style type="text/css">
      #app {
        font-family: 'IBM Plex Sans', 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif;
        width: 300px;
        margin: 2rem;
      }

      bx-dropdown:not(:defined),
      bx-dropdown-item:not(:defined) {
        visibility: hidden;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="app">
      <bx-dropdown trigger-content="Select an item">
        <bx-dropdown-item value="all">Option 1</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="staging">Option 3</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="dea">Option 4</bx-dropdown-item>
        <bx-dropdown-item value="router">Option 5</bx-dropdown-item>
      </bx-dropdown>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

### Angular

[![Edit carbon-web-components with Angular](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/angular)

Angular users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, too, once you add [`CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`](https://angular.io/api/core/CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA) schema to your Angular module, like:

```javascript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA],
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [BrowserModule],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

The `.d.ts` files in `carbon-web-components` package are compiled with TypeScript 3.7. You can use TypeScript 3.7 in your Angular application with upcoming Angular `9.0` release, or with the following instructions, so your application can use those `.d.ts` files:

- Set `true` to [`angularCompilerOptions.disableTypeScriptVersionCheck`](https://angular.io/guide/angular-compiler-options#disabletypescriptversioncheck) in `tsconfig.json`
- In `polyfills.ts`, change [`__importDefault` TypeScript helper](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#example-8) as follows: `window.__importDefault = mod => (mod?.__esModule ? mod : { default: mod })`

### React

[![Edit carbon-web-components with React](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/react)

You can use wrapper React components in `carbon-web-components/es/components-react` generated [automatically from the custom elements](./src/globals/wrappers/createReactCustomElementType.ts) which allows you to use our components seamlessly in your React code. Here's an example:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { render } from 'react-dom';
import BXDropdown from 'carbon-web-components/es/components-react/dropdown/dropdown';
import BXDropdownItem from 'carbon-web-components/es/components-react/dropdown/dropdown-item';

const App = () => (
  <BXDropdown triggerContent="Select an item">
    <BXDropdownItem value="all">Option 1</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="cloudFoundry">Option 2</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="staging">Option 3</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="dea">Option 4</BXDropdownItem>
    <BXDropdownItem value="router">Option 5</BXDropdownItem>
  </BXDropdown>
);

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
```

Note: Using the React wrapper requires an additional dependency, [`prop-types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prop-types).

### Vue

[![Edit carbon-web-components with Vue](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/vue)

Vue users can use our components in the same manner as native HTML tags, without any additional steps!

### Other usage guides

- [Having components participate in form](./docs/form.md)
- [Using custom styles in components](./docs/styling.md)
- [Using `carbon-web-components` with old build toolchain](./docs/old-build-toolchain.md)

## Getting started with development

1. Fork this repository and clone it
2. `yarn install`
3. `yarn wca && yarn storybook`

## Running React/Angular/Vue Storybook demo

- React: `yarn storybook:react` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-react.netlify.com/)
- Angular: `yarn storybook:angular` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-angular.netlify.com/)
- Vue: `yarn storybook:vue` (Live demo: https://carbon-custom-elements-vue.netlify.com/)

## List of available components

View available web components at: https://custom-elements.carbondesignsystem.com/. You can see usage information in several ways:

1. Going to Docs tab, where it shows the usage and available attributes, properties and custom events.
2. Clicking the **KNOBS** tab at the bottom and changing values there. Most knobs are shown as something like `Button kind (kind)`, where `kind` is the attribute name
3. Clicking the **ACTION LOGGER** tab at the bottom and interacting with the selected component. You may see something like `bx-modal-closed` which typically indicates that an event with such event type is fired. You can also expand the twistie to see the details of the event

## Browser support

- Latest Chrome/Safari/FF ESR
- IE/Edge support is bast-effort basis
  - Some components may not be supported

To support IE, you need a couple additional setups:

- Toolstack to re-transpile our code to ES5 (e.g. by specifying IE11 in [`@babel/preset-env`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env) configuration)
- Polyfills, listed [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-web-components/blob/master/src/polyfills/index.ts)

Here's an example code that shows such setup:

[![Edit carbon-web-components with IE](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/carbon-design-system/carbon-custom-elements/tree/master/examples/codesandbox/ie)

## Coding conventions

Can be found at [here](./src/coding-conventions.md).

## Creating build

```
> yarn clean
> yarn build
```

You'll see the build artifacts in `/path/to/carbon-web-components/es` directory.

## Running unit test

You can run unit test by:

```
> gulp test:unit
```

You can run specific test spec by:

```
> gulp test:unit -s tests/spec/dropdown_spec.ts
```

You can choose a browser (instead of Headless Chrome) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Firefox
```

You can keep the browser after the test (and re-run the test when files change) by:

```
> gulp test:unit -b Chrome -k
```

You can prevent code coverate instrumentation code from being generated by:

```
> gulp test:unit -d
```

You can update snapshots by:

```
> gulp test:unit --update-snapshot
```

Above options can be used together. This is useful to debug your code as you test:

```
> gulp test:unit -s tests/spec/dropdown_spec.ts -b Chrome -d -k
```

## Running build integration test

You can run build integration test by:

```
> yarn test:integration:build
```

You can run a specific set of UI test steps (e.g. running `tests/integration/build/form-angular_steps.js` only) by:

```
> yarn test:integration:build form-angular_steps
```

By default Chrome runs in headless mode. You can show Chrome UI by:

```
> CI=false yarn test:integration:build
```

## Running UI integration test

You can run UI integration test by:

```
> yarn test:integration:ui
```

You can run a specific set of UI test steps (e.g. running `tests/integration/ui/dropdown_steps.js` only) by:

```
> yarn test:integration:ui dropdown_steps
```

By default Chrome runs in headless mode. You can show Chrome UI by:

```
> CI=false yarn test:integration:ui
```
