packages/react/src/components/Image/README.stories.mdx, before:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import Image from './Image';

# Image

> The Image component will be used as the primary way of embedding images on
> pages.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/imagecomponent/imagecomponent';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the Image styles
> from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const sources = [
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/320x160',
      breakpoint: 320,
    },
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/400x400',
      breakpoint: 400,
    },
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
      breakpoint: 672,
    },
  ];

  const defaultSrc = 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672';
  const alt = 'Lorem Ipsum';
  const longDescription = 'Lorem Ipsum Dolor';

  return (
    <Image
      sources={sources}
      defaultSrc={defaultSrc}
      alt={alt}
      longDescription={longDescription}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={Image} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--imagecomponent`        | Interactive |
| `dds--imagecomponent__image` | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />

Commit message:

chore(Codesandbox): add Image examples and docs
* chore(examples): add Image and ImageWithCaption examples
* chore(docs): add codesandbox example links to docs

Co-authored-by: Jeffrey Chew <jeff.chew@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <kennylam@protonmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

packages/react/src/components/Image/README.stories.mdx, after:

import { Props, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import contributing from '../../../../../docs/contributing-license.md';
import Image from './Image';

# Image

> The image component is used to embed images within content and can display a
> specific image depending on viewport size.

> 💡 Check our
> [CodeSandbox](https://githubbox.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/react/examples/codesandbox/components/Image)
> example implementation.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

##### CSS

```css
// yourapplication.scss
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/mono';
@import '@carbon/type/scss/font-face/sans';
@include carbon--font-face-mono();
@include carbon--font-face-sans();
@import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles/scss/components/imagecomponent/imagecomponent';
```

> 💡 Only import fonts once per usage. Don't forget to import the Image styles
> from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

##### JS

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import 'yourapplication.scss';

function App() {
  const sources = [
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/320x160',
      breakpoint: 320,
    },
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/400x400',
      breakpoint: 400,
    },
    {
      src: 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672',
      breakpoint: 672,
    },
  ];

  const defaultSrc = 'https://dummyimage.com/672x672';
  const alt = 'Lorem Ipsum';
  const longDescription = 'Lorem Ipsum Dolor';

  return (
    <Image
      sources={sources}
      defaultSrc={defaultSrc}
      alt={alt}
      longDescription={longDescription}
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));
```

Add the following line in your `.env` file at the root of your project.
[See more details](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/tree/master/packages/styles#usage).

```
  SASS_PATH=node_modules:src
```

> 💡 Don't forget to import the image styles from
> [@carbon/ibmdotcom-styles](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library/blob/master/packages/styles).

## Props

<Props of={Image} />

## Stable selectors

| Name                         | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `dds--imagecomponent`        | Interactive |
| `dds--imagecomponent__image` | Interactive |

<Description markdown={contributing} />
